Updating docs for the component: rest-api-component (#241)
elasticio/elasticio.github.io: content/_components/rest-api-component.md

The REST API component will perform a single REST API call when executed. Incoming data can gets used to configure the API call made and the response from the API call will be the output.

This document covers the following topics:

*   [Introduction](#introduction)
*   [Authorisation methods](#authorisation-methods)
*   [Defining HTTP headers](#defining-http-headers)
*   [Defining request body](#defining-request-body)
*   [Working with XML Response](#working-with-xml)
*   [HTTP Headers in Response](#http-headers)
*   [Attachments](#attachments)
*   [Exception handling](#exception-handling)
*   [Known Limitations](#known-limitations)

> 

Reviewer: Please remove these links. They will be created automatically on the right side. Provided they are all H2

* application/octet-stream

## Exception handling
Rest API component uses exception handling logic below: 
![Exception handling logic](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13310949/41960520-9bd468ca-79f8-11e8-83f4-d9b2096deb6d.png)

## Known Limitations

The component can parse any of json and xml content types. 
There are:
* application/json
* application/xml
* text/xml
* etc.

`If content type is not  exists  in response header, component will try parse response as json. 
If it get parse exception, it return response as is.`

> > Make sure not to perform your tests using the [requestb.in](https://requestb.in/) since it responds with the `content-type: text/html`.

Reviewer: Remove `https://requestb.in/`. This link is not working and the service is long one. Maybe completely remove this line or mention that `response type : text/html` would not be processed.

Attachments limitations:

1. Maximal possible size for an attachment is 10 MB.

> 2. Attachments mechanism does not work with [Local Agent Installation](https://support.{{site.data.tenant.name}}/support/solutions/articles/14000076461-announcing-the-local-agent-)

Reviewer: Please remove this link since this article is very outdated and is not reflecting the real description of the subject. Just write: `Attachments mechanism does not work with the Local Agents`

> 2. Attachments mechanism does not work with [Local Agent Installation](https://support.{{site.data.tenant.name}}/support/solutions/articles/14000076461-announcing-the-local-agent-)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Attachments mechanism does not work with the Local Agents
```
